What are you doing?
I'm preparing some notes for a report called our growing population.
Well, we're in the right place to talk about that.
Beijing is a huge city with a large population.
That causes a lot of problems, such as too much traffic and noise.
It's not only Beijing, population increases a big problem in many countries.
Do you know how many babies are born every minute in the world?
No, can you tell me?
Over 250.
That makes over 131.4 million births a year.
I can't believe it!
The population of China is about 1.37 billion.
That's almost one-fifth of the world's population.
That is about 7 billion.
Hang on a minute. I'll write that down too.
But in the future, China's population won't grow so fast because families are getting smaller.
How do you know all this?
I wrote my report yesterday.
Great! Thanks! Now I can write my report.